README.md, before:

# HockeyApp
An Educational Test-Driven exercise in Object-Oriented design using Java Swing. 

This project gives you the task of managing a Hockey team using Java Swing, but it is really designed to practice 
object-oriented design patterns with each added feature. The associated project also is organized to help facilitate 
a Test-Driven Development approach.

Clone it, build it, run it, and click through some of the options available as a Team Owner. 
Then, when you understand **what** the app does, explore **how** the code is structured, and imagine new features you 
would like to add using classic and modern design patterns. 

Create a feature request in the form of an "issue" for this project, assign it to yourself, and get to work! 
Or, fork this project, and make it your own!

The best part about this project will be the feedback provided by other developers, and the opportunity to peer-review 
other features developed. So remember to be courteous and generous with your feedback and suggestions!

## Clone It
GitHub makes it easy to clone this repo on your Linux, Windows or Mac operating system. 

Using your SSH key, enter the command `git clone git@github.com:Bryan-Culver/hockeyApp.git` in GitBash or any terminal.

If you're using HTTPS still, the command is `git clone https://github.com/Bryan-Culver/hockeyApp.git` in your terminal.

## Build It
Currently, this project is a simple Java Swing project. Use your IDE to compile the program with at least JavaSE-17. 
No other versions of Java have been tested at this time. As it is compiled, an executable is generated which will run
the app. 

## Run It
When you run the app, you will see one Window that will display some basic amount of information about the team. 

As this project grows, more screens and "Views" will be required and will eventually be available. 

## Contributing
There will be a "Contributing.md" file provided within this repository as soon as this project is ready to take on 
contributions. 

You'll notice the **.gitignore** file has several file types that are specific to IDEs. Any additional files that your 
editor will creat for metadata should be added to the **.gitignore** file.

Commit message:

Made an adjustment to README and implemented a game screen view in order to run a game prediction.
Signed-off-by: Bryan Culver <culver.bryan.t@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

# HockeyApp
An Educational Test-Driven exercise in Object-Oriented design using Java Swing. 

This project gives you the opportunity to predict the result of a Hockey game using Java Swing, but it is really
designed to practice object-oriented design patterns with each added feature. The associated project also is organized
to help facilitate a Test-Driven Development approach.

Clone it, build it, run it, and run a few games. 
Then, when you understand **what** the app does, explore **how** the code is structured, and imagine new features you 
would like to add using classic and modern design patterns. 

Create a feature request in the form of an "issue" for this project, assign it to yourself, and get to work! 
Or, fork this project, and make it your own!

The best part about this project will be the feedback provided by other developers, and the opportunity to peer-review 
other features developed. So remember to be courteous and generous with your feedback and suggestions!

## Clone It
GitHub makes it easy to clone this repo on your Linux, Windows or Mac operating system. 

Using your SSH key, enter the command `git clone git@github.com:Bryan-Culver/hockeyApp.git` in GitBash or any terminal.

If you're using HTTPS still, the command is `git clone https://github.com/Bryan-Culver/hockeyApp.git` in your terminal.

## Build It

Currently, this project is a simple Java Swing project. Use your IDE to compile the program with at least JavaSE-17. 
No other versions of Java have been tested at this time. As it is compiled, an executable is generated which will run
the app.

## Run It
When you run the app, you will see one Window that will display inputs for the home team and away team. 

As this project grows, more screens and "Views" will be required and will eventually be available. 

## Contributing
Please reference the "Contributing.md" doc provided in this repository. 

You'll notice the **.gitignore** file has several file types that are specific to IDEs. Any additional files that your 
editor will create for metadata should be added to the **.gitignore** file.
